+++
Title="Sundays : 22nd March, 2021"
date="2021-03-22"
categories = [
    "personal","diary"
]
+++

Today is a sunday, so everyone should rest. 

The whole world should stop doing whatever they are doing just because it is Sunday.

This is what we are told. 

It's been seven days. Seven times has the sun come up since then. The last time it came out. 

That means, I can rest.

Feels like a weird logic. But why is this being told by everyone.. 

I want to rest. I need rest. Seems weird. Do I wanna rest? YEAH but is rest the same as procrastination. 

What if my brain fog from rest never goes away. 

I know that I can only rest when I die. Since there is no other choice I guess. 

What do I do.. 

Watching youtube does not feel like rest. It just means that I switched the task that I was doing from something productive into something non-productive I guess. 

What everyone is trying to describe to me is not rest. It is rest from a activity only to engage in another. 

I am thinking.. what if I stop switching activities whenever I achieve something. Do I become stale, tired and boring then cause I did not switch. Or is it just my ADD monster trying to convince me that everything is alright and let's switch tasks already. Just give up on the same thing already.

Give up and try out something new. Is what my mind tells me every moment. Never sticks to it's own decisions. Does not even try to stick to what it has decided. 

If my mind is not listening to me, then it's just a monster I guess. What do I do of this monster. 

What if I could resolve all this by sorting out my own mind. That would be very epic. 

I just need to listen to myself then. Not try to avoid whatever is going on with myself. With my own mind and my body and it would all be okay. I know that I am not just my mind or just this body. Then what the hell am I.. 

Am I everything.. Or am I nothing.. Or both.


